story recapped here today i'm going to
explain a horror and thriller film
called i spit on your grave
spoilers ahead
watch out and take care
jennifer hills
a novelist from new york city travels to
louisiana to write her second novel
along the way she stops at a shop to get
the keys to the cabin she'll stay at at
the shop a man named earl
hands her the keys before instructing
her how to get there
according to jennifer the purpose of her
trip is for some peace while she writes
on the way there jennifer gets confused
about the roads so she pulls up at a gas
station for some help
there she meets johnny
one of the attendants who points which
direction she should go
johnny attempts to make a move on
jennifer but she scares him after
accidentally pressing her panic button
he spills a bucket of fluid causing andy
and stanley
his friends to laugh at him as jennifer
drives off johnny's embarrassment is
evident after the long stretch of road
jennifer finally arrives at the cabin
which will be her home for the months to
come
she immediately unpacks her belongings
ready to embark on a change of
environment the following day jennifer
relaxes by the lake after days of
working on her novel
she hears suspicious noises but does not
pay much mind to them however the noises
reoccur and make her uneasy jennifer
walks across the nearby shed to check
but she finds nothing but bottles of
poison inside
she accidentally spills her drink onto
her clothes and goes to the kitchen to
wash off the stain
in there an unknown person is secretly
documenting her half naked
the following day she jogs through the
woods and stumbles upon an abandoned
cabin
out of curiosity jennifer enters to
check how it looks like inside however
she does not find anything interesting
and continues to go about her day
back home she discovers that her sink
and toilet are clogged urging her to
call a plumber matthew
he suffers from a mental disability
hence his stuttering way of talking
after he fixes the problem in her
bathroom jennifer gets giddy and gives
matthew an abrupt kiss
for a moment the shy matthew blushes and
runs outside because of it in the woods
andy stanley and johnny hang out and
kill birds for fun
the brutality is recorded by stanley who
has a passion for documenting anything
random
not long after matthew arrives and tells
the group how he received a kiss from
jennifer
johnny does not believe him but stanley
confirms that it is real before showing
a video of her in underwear
at nightfall jennifer still hears the
creepy noises around the house and
becomes more bothered by them
she sees a lifeless bird just outside
her door but other than that she finds
nothing upon returning inside she sees
her laptop with a group photo of the guy
she met days before
she looks at it in horror before
realizing that they are inside
johnny stanley and andy taunt jennifer
all together causing fear to the poor
lady stanley calls matthew and johnny
drags him inside so he could also
participate in their scheme
as the leader johnny initiates the group
into threatening and letting jennifer
drink
when she refuses johnny becomes more
agitated leaving her no choice but to
abide by his orders
he then asks jennifer to show him her
teeth and pulls her closer johnny pulls
out a gun and forces it on jennifer's
mouth in a sensual manner and he
approaches her and does the same thing
but with liquor while johnny forces
matthew to watch
jennifer finds the courage to hit andy's
knee before pepper spraying stanley it
allows her to escape into the woods and
run to safety
jennifer bumps into stork
the local sheriff along with earl in
tears jennifer informs the two men of
the assault that she has experienced
recently
stork calms her down by showing his
badge informing her that she is now in
safe hands the sheriff tells earl to go
home as he will accompany jennifer back
to the cabin
moments later stork drives with jennifer
back to the cabin to confront the group
he bravely calls them out while looking
for them inside the cabin
upon examining the scene stork finds the
broken bottle of alcohol in a joint
belonging to jennifer
he begins to interrogate jennifer
despite her pleas for help as if she is
not a victim
according to him she has no right to
make false accusations about the men he
knew since they were kids
stork then orders jennifer to face the
window as he pats her down however he
touches her improperly revealing that
stork is the group's accomplice as the
boys enter
while stork points a shotgun at her he
orders jennifer to get on her knees
johnny picks her up while ordering
matthew to remove his pants
at the moment jennifer is helpless to
say the least with five heartless men
her chance of survival is at stake
stanley records the whole thing while
matthew begins to force himself on
jennifer until he is satisfied
despite being weak jennifer manages to
gather her strength and get out of the
cabin
further into the woods she stumbles upon
the group again where more sufferings
await her andy drags jennifer near a
puddle and submerges her head a couple
of times
as she lays on the ground stork removes
his pants to force himself on her
ignoring her cries for mercy after the
men take turns on jennifer she gains
consciousness and is now covered in dirt
jennifer gets up once again to go
further into the woods in the hope of
some real help
still unhinged from the hell she has
been through she reaches the bridge
while the five men continuously follow
her
just when stork is about to shoot her
jennifer lets herself fall into the
river leaving no trace
the group searches for her but they have
no luck tracking her body anywhere as an
alternative they destroy evidence left
behind especially stanley's recordings
after the eventful day stork returns
home where his wife and daughter
chastity
welcomes him as if nothing happened he
spends the night at home without any
remorse for his actions the next day
stork stops by earl's shop to return the
keys to the cabin saying that jennifer
left without notice weeks pass and the
group goes on with their lives as if
nothing happened
apart from the rest matthew is the only
one that feels remorse and spends most
of his time in the woods
one day he gets a vision of jennifer
staring at him in a ghostly way
matthew covers his eyes out of fear and
gets under the idea that jennifer is
haunting him
while andy and johnny are hanging out
for some drinks they see stanley running
toward them with worry in his voice he
informs the voice that his camera has
been stolen before revealing that he
kept the controversial tape
johnny gets in a fit of rage and starts
beating stanley up for putting them at
risk
that night johnny hears noises outside
his home and checks outside to find a
dead bird on the porch he kicks it off
before returning inside when he goes
back inside he hears it again and comes
out with a gun to his surprise the dead
bird is lying on his porch once again
the culprit unknown
when johnny hears it again he rushes
outside to see jennifer's slipper on the
porch and tries to chase the sound but
to no avail
meanwhile stork comes home to his wife
who informs him that a package has been
delivered to his horror he finds one of
stanley's tapes and is relieved that
neither his wife nor daughter has seen
it stork quickly drives off to meet with
the group who are nervous to see him
immediately stork threatened stanley
thinking that he is playing a prank on
him to defend his friend johnny shows
the slipper suspecting that matthew is
responsible for everything
on their hunting trip stork hands earl a
bottle of whiskey and shoots him the
reason behind it is earl is one of the
loose ends to the crime as he saw stork
accompanying jennifer back to the cabin
still troubled by his visions matthew
returns to the cabin to reflect on his
actions
out of nowhere he hears jennifer's voice
calling out to him so he comes inside
he ends up falling down the stairs and
knocks himself out as he gains
consciousness he sees jennifer in the
flesh sitting on the couch
jennifer invites him to sit beside her
and he repeatedly apologizes for what he
did to her
matthew clings to her while sobbing as
guilt overtakes him jennifer comforts
and calms him down but later puts a news
tight around his neck
matthew continuously says sorry despite
gasping for air but jennifer replies
that an apology is not good enough
the resurfacing of pieces of evidence
prompts the group to look for matthew in
the woods after several minutes of
searching for him andy and stanley end
up in an abandoned cabin andy enters
while stanley remains outside to search
for any signs of matthew there he
shockingly sees jennifer standing across
him giving out a smirk
when stanley advances on her he steps on
a bare trap that she set up and calls
for andy who gets hit with a bat both of
them lose consciousness after jennifer
also hits stanley
after some time jennifer ties stanley to
a tree and records him with his camera
she brings out a dead rodent and shoves
it in his mouth which makes him vomit
jennifer then sets up the camera before
using fish hooks to keep his eyes wide
open
while recording him jennifer guts a fish
and spreads its insides all over
stanley's face the scent of the fish
guts attracts numerous crows that begin
to peck him
after some time his eyeballs are eaten
by the birds and he bleeds to death
meanwhile andy wakes up inside the
run-down cabin tied on a few boards over
a bathtub the water in the tub keeps
rising just as jennifer enters to check
on him and he begs her to let him go but
she is sure about inflicting the same
torture that she went through
jennifer repeatedly submerges his head
into the water before throwing in some
lie and removing one of the planks
andy is left with no choice but to hold
himself up with all his strength to stay
up but his body eventually falls into
the water because of this andy's face is
eventually burned causing death upon him
the following day jennifer stops by the
local gas station where johnny works
she seduces him by wearing a short skirt
and attacks him the moment he comes
close
as part of her plan she brings him back
to the cabin to release her wrath upon
him
when johnny gains consciousness he finds
himself tied to the ceiling without any
clothing his torment begins when
jennifer pulls out his teeth one by one
using pliers making him realize his
mistakes
jennifer brings out a gun and forces it
on johnny's mouth just like what he did
to her however he manages to laugh which
makes jennifer more agitated using hedge
clippers she cuts johnny's private part
before shoving it in his mouth
he screams in terror before eventually
bleeding to death
finally jennifer is down to her last
target stork
the sheriff receives a call from his
family receiving news that chastity's
teacher is at their home
on the phone jennifer greets stork
leaving him in a state of disbelief
out of concern for his family he quickly
drives back home only to find out that
chastity came with jennifer
stork arrives at an empty playground
with his daughter still out of sight
worries start to overtake him and he
runs back to the cop car where jennifer
knocks him unconscious
upon waking up he finds himself inside
the cabin with a rifle shoved inside him
showing no mercy jennifer talks about
how nice chastity is and how he could
stomach assaulting a woman she shoves
the rifle deeper causing unimaginable
pain to the sheriff
across the room jennifer reveals that
matthew is alive but unconscious a
string attached to the trigger is tied
around matthew's wrist which will kill
both men if he moves
at this point stork desperately begs for
his life but jennifer completely ignores
him
unbothered by his cries jennifer walks
out of the cabin patiently waiting for
the situation to take its turn
matthew eventually wakes up urging stork
to calm him down however matthew's
mental incapacity causes him to panic
and unknowingly pull the trigger ending
their lives outside jennifer realizes
that she has gotten her revenge and she
celebrates with a faint smile
after experiencing the worst kind of
torture any woman could imagine jennifer
refused to let the men win
she took matters into her own hands and
inflicted the pain she thought the men
deserved
throughout the story every man received
similar torture to what they did on
jennifer in the end jennifer turned her
pain into power
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like
it really helps the channel out thank
you for watching
[Music]